Ha ha ha ha
Long song of the past.
Past is past.
You see, Tran Pham's coming this time is basically not towards him.
See if you can get him a job.
This.
Such an adult, still unemployed.
So it is to ask people.
Ask people to have the attitude of asking people to go.
Eat
Oh.
Hurry up.
Come back and apologize to me.
We have work.
Hurry up.
Life
Man cannot live alone
It's for honor, right?
Oh, I'm dying of laughter.
She married someone when I was in college.
Play your big wife
Now there is no job.
You still have dignity
Haha.
I tell you.
Poor people are just poor people
Only the rich can talk about life
Do you know how much this salary is?
Oh, poor thing, what have you to say to me about dignity?
Oh boy.
One month's salary is not enough for me to eat one meal?
Dignity is nothing in the eyes of the rich.
Right? So which class?
HAS.